wesker you did a fine job Barry just as
I thought I think you should stay away
from Barry do I hear that his wife and
two daughters will be in danger if he
doesn't do everything I tell him to you
are so cruel well you don't have to
worry about anything because you'll be
free from this world very soon Jim why
do you have to destroy stars that's
umbrellas intention this laboratory has
been engaging in dangerous experiments
recently an accident has occurred anyway
this disaster cannot be made public
that's why how many stars nothing about
it's so inconvenient so you're a slave
of umbrella now along with these virus
monsters I think you misunderstand me
Jill to me the monsters you mentioned
mean nothing I'm going to burn all of
them together with this entire
laboratory I must complete my mission as
bordered by umbrella Barry go up on the
ground and wait there
Barry
very such a he'll be under the control
of umbrella for em how come full
umbrella em you can intimidate him by
taking his family as hostages umbrella
well I intimidated him but it had
nothing to do with umbrella I just used
him for my personal purposes though both
you and Barry seem to think I was
following orders from umbrella so you're
planning something else if you succeeded
in developing the world's most powerful
biological weapon what would you do what
if you were in charge you must stop this
now you're a brave girl
but if I were you I wouldn't give up
such a big discovery
it is no one understands its real value
so you're going to steal all the
research better yet i'm going to show
you the tired Oh Mary sorry Jill how is
your family I was listening to what you
and wester we're talking about I wish I
realized it earlier I thought it must
have something to do with umbrella
masterminded by him anyway get out of
this house first Jill what do you have
any idea what Wesker was going to show
you at the back of this place well he
was talking about the world's most
powerful biological weapon called tyrant
or something I think do you think we
could see tyrant now Barry you're so
optimistic it would look bad for stars
if we let such a dangerous creature run
loose maybe you're right let's go then
you
in a creature like this really be the
ultimate biological weapon really Wesker
is a crazy man tyrant is not completely
developed but we can't let it live that
must be the computer from monitoring
this creature
damn you
we can't control what